UI  - 97479605
TI  - Higher neonatal cerebral blood flow correlates with worse childhood
      neurologic outcome.
AB  - Cerebral blood flow (CBF) in newborn infants is often below levels
      necessary to sustain brain viability in adults. Controversy exists
      regarding the effects of such low CBF on subsequent neurologic
      function. We determined the current childhood neurologic status and
      IQ in 26 subjects who had measurements of CBF performed with PET in
      the neonatal period between 1983 and 1989 as part of a study of
      hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy. Follow-up information at ages 4 to
      12 years was obtained on all 26 subjects. Ten subjects had died. All
      16 survivors underwent clinical neurologic evaluation, and 14 also
      underwent intelligence testing. Eight had abnormal clinical
      neurologic evaluations; eight were normal. The mean neonatal CBF in
      those with abnormal childhood neurologic outcome was significantly
      higher than in those with normal childhood neurologic outcome (35.64
      +/- 11.80 versus 18.26 +/- 8.62 mL 100 g(-1) min(-1), t = 3.36, p =
      0.005). A significant negative correlation between neonatal CBF and
      childhood IQ was demonstrated (Spearman rank correlation r = -0.675,
      p = 0.008). Higher CBF was associated with lower IQ. The higher CBF
      in subjects with worse neurologic and intellectual outcome may
      reflect greater loss of cerebrovascular autoregulation or other
      vascular regulatory mechanisms due to more severe brain damage.

UI  - 98018928
TI  - Bupivacaine inhibition of L-type calcium current in ventricular
      cardiomyocytes of hamster.
AB  - BACKGROUND: The local anesthetic bupivacaine is cardiotoxic when
      accidentally injected into the circulation. Such cardiotoxicity might
      involve an inhibition of cardiac L-type Ca2+ current (ICa,L). This
      study was designed to define the mechanism of bupivacaine inhibition
      of ICa,L. METHODS: Cardiomyocytes were enzymatically dispersed from
      hamster ventricles. Certain voltage- and time-dependencies of ICa,L
      were recorded using the whole-cell patch clamp method in the presence
      and absence of different concentrations of bupivacaine. RESULTS:
      Bupivacaine, in a concentration-dependent manner (10-300 microM),
      tonically inhibited the peak amplitude of ICa,L. The inhibition was
      characterized by an increase in the time of recovery from
      inactivation and a negative-voltage shift of the steady-state
      inactivation curve. The inhibition was shown to be voltage-dependent,
      and the peak amplitude of ICa,L could not be restored to control
      levels by a wash from bupivacaine. CONCLUSIONS: The inhibition of
      ICa,L appears, in part, to result from bupivacaine predisposing
      L-type Ca channels to the inactivated state. Data from washout
      suggest that there may be two mechanisms of inhibition at work.
      Bupivacaine may bind with low affinity to the Ca channel and also
      affect an unidentified metabolic component that modulates Ca channel
      function.

UI  - 97443327
TI  - Formation of formate and hydrogen, and flux of reducing equivalents
      and carbon in Ruminococcus flavefaciens FD-1.
AB  - A pathway for conversion of the metabolic intermediate
      phosphoenolpyruvate (PEP) and the formation of acetate, succinate,
      formate, and H2 in the anaerobic cellulolytic bacterium Ruminococcus
      flavefaciens FD-1 was constructed on the basis of enzyme activities
      detected in extracts of cells grown in cellulose- or
      cellobiose-limited continuous culture. PEP was converted to acetate
      and CO2 (via pyruvate kinase, pyruvate dehydrogenase, and acetate
      kinase) or carboxylated to form succinate (via PEP carboxykinase,
      malate dehydrogenase, fumarase, and fumarate reductase). Lactate was
      not formed even during rapid growth (batch culture, mu = 0.35/h). H2
      was formed by a hydrogenase rather than by cleavage of formate, and
      13C-NMR and 14C-exchange reaction data indicated that formate was
      produced by CO2 reduction, not by a cleavage of pyruvate. The
      distribution of PEP into the acetate and succinate pathways was not
      affected by changing extracellular pH and growth rates within the
      normal growth range. However, increasing growth rate from 0.017/h to
      0.244/h resulted in a shift toward formate production, presumably at
      the expense of H2. This shift suggested that reducing equivalents
      could be balanced through formate or H2 production without affecting
      the yields of the major carbon-containing fermentation endproducts.

UI  - 97408530
TI  - Approximate confidence intervals for heritability from method R
      estimates.
AB  - Method R estimates of heritability (h2) and associated confidence
      intervals (CI) were obtained from simulated data using a single
      trait, direct effects, full animal model, with 50% subsampling. Five
      hundred data sets were simulated for each of five levels of h2 (.10,
      .20, .30, .40, and .50) and two types of pedigree structure (random
      pedigree structure [N = 2,000] that varied over simulations, or the
      pedigree structure from a real data set [N = 2,644] that was constant
      for all simulations). The first 10, 20, and all 50 h2 estimates were
      used to obtain 80, 90, 95, and 99% CI for each data set. The variance
      of h2 estimates within data sets approximated the sampling variance
      of the h2 estimates. The Box-Cox transformation was used to normalize
      the distribution of estimates from each data set. Confidence
      intervals were computed on the transformed scale as CI = mu +/- (T x
      sigma), where mu and sigma = the mean and SD of the N transformed h2
      estimates, respectively, and T = the critical value from the T
      distribution for a 1-alpha CI, with df = N-1. Upper and lower CI
      bounds were converted back to the original scale by reversing the
      transformation. The percentages of CI containing the true h2 value,
      pooled across all levels of h2, types of pedigree, and number of
      estimates used to obtain CI, for 80, 90, 95, and 99% CI were 81.14,
      90.96, 95.27, and 98.76%, respectively. These results suggested that
      Method R h2 estimates can be used to obtain reliable CI.

UI  - 97453431
TI  - rhDNase as an example of recurrent event analysis.
AB  - We consider counting process methods for analysing time-to-event data
      with multiple or recurrent outcomes, using the models developed by
      Anderson and Gill, Wei, Lin and Weissfeld and Prentice, Williams and
      Peterson. We compare the methods, and show how to implement them
      using popular statistical software programs. By analysing three data
      sets, we illustrate the strengths and pitfalls of each method. The
      first example is simulated and involves the effect of a hidden
      covariate. The second is based on a trial of gamma interferon, and
      behaves remarkably like the first. The third and most interesting
      example involves both multiple events and discontinuous intervals at
      risk, and the three approaches give dissimilar answers. We recommend
      the AG and marginal models for the analysis of this type of data.

